---
layout: archive
title: "Working Projects"
permalink: /working_projects/
author_profile: true
---

## Working Projects
###Unpacking Nonprofit Autonomy-Interdependence Paradox in Collaborative Relationships. With Mirae Kim.

Nonprofit organizations interested in collaborating with other entities find it difficult to strike a balance between keeping their autonomy and reaping the benefits from collaborating with other organizations. Although inter-organizational collaborations come with various benefits, such as reducing competition over limited resources, participating in collaborative relationships can also damage the autonomy of individual nonprofits. Using an original survey of 275 nonprofits, we examine how various dimensions of collaborative relationships affect an individual nonprofit’s autonomy. Our findings suggest that having highly specified administrative arrangements and stronger trust as well as reciprocity among partner organizations serve as critical factors to secure the autonomy of individual organizations. We also find that nonprofit organizations engaged in mostly informal relationships and in partnerships across sectors feel less threatened about maintaining their autonomy. Our post-hoc analysis further suggests that organizational autonomy is a significant antecedent for seeking more collaborations. To this end, we discuss how nonprofits can keep their organizational autonomy without giving up collaborating with other entities by strategically managing several aspects of the collaborative relationships. 

### Does Labeling COVID-19 as "Chinese Virus" Trigger Perceived Foreign Threats and Reduce the Blame? With Yixin Liu.

Connecting a life-threatening crisis with geographic localities is suggested to stigmatize people from that area. However, such strategy may reduce the public blame attributable to the government because the perceived foreign threat establishes a scapegoat which transfer the blame. In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, we investigated whether the "Chinese Virus" label placed on COVID-19 may have triggered opposition to Chinese immigrants and reduced public blame attributed to the federal government during the pandemic. Through a survey experiment embedded with a list experiment approach, this study suggests a heterogeneous treatment effect of such label: although no treatment effect overall was detected, the "Chinese Virus" label led to a significant increase of perceived threat of Chinese immigrants among liberals but no influence on conservatives. However, the "Chinese Virus" label showed no effect on reducing the blame attributed to the federal government.

### Resource Publicness Triggers Sector Stereotyping. With Huafang Li.

Publicness theory deepens our understanding of differences and similarities of organizational behavior. However, in areas in which public, nonprofit, and private organizations compete to serve people, it remains unclear how the level of dimensional publicness influences individuals' perceptions and choices of organizations. In this study, we present evidence from two online experiments examining the way people's perceptions of resource publicness (operationalized as government funding, donations, and service fees) of elderly care centers in the U.S. influence their judgment of organizations and service choices. Findings suggest that people perceive donative organizations to be the warmest and most competent, followed by government-funded and commercial organizations. We conclude that individuals' perceptions of resource publicness lead to different judgment that may influence their service choice decisions.

### De-stereotyping Public Performance Evaluation. With Yixin Liu.

Experimental evidence suggests that citizens’ judgments of service quality often rely on prior beliefs about providers’ characteristics, such as sectoral or racial stereotypes. Such a biased judgment process prevents the public from understanding performance information accurately and choosing high-quality service providers. To address this, we studied the relation between performance information and the evaluation mode and propose that presenting information jointly (joint evaluation) rather than separately (separate evaluation) may help people avoid stereotyping and consider actual performance. We compared people’s perceived performance and preferences through the separate and joint evaluation modes (SE and JE) in three online experiments (N>3000), and obtained similar results in these studies: Subjects used sectoral or racial stereotypes to evaluate school performance in the SE condition, but the stereotyping decreased in the JE condition. Our findings provide an effective tool to de-stereotype performance evaluations, which also has implications for other public management research areas in reducing stereotyping behaviors.

### Source Effects in COVID-19 Communication: Does the Level of Government Matter? With Nathan Favero, Sebastian Jilke, Mathew Young, and Julia Wolfson.

The purpose of this study is to examine the effectiveness of different COVID-19 communication strategies on people's willingness to engage in public health behaviors like hand-washing or social distancing. While there is some initial evidence about message content, little is known about whether the source of a message itself affects the credibility people assign to the message content, and their willingness to practice hand hygiene and social distancing. We further argue that the source credibility of public health risk communication can be judged among two dimensions, expertise and relevance. In this study, we focus on varying the perceived relevance of the source of a hypothetical, but realistic, social media post.

### Everything hacked? What is the Evidential Value of the Experimental Public Administration Literature? With Dominik Vogel.

The rise of behavioral public administration not only provides new perspectives to understand public administration theories, but also growing interests in using randomized experiments to enhance the internal validity of empirical studies. However, a potential problem of randomized experiments commonly concerned in a variety of fields is the evidential value of findings, which can be undermined by the publication bias toward statistically significant results. This study employed a meta-analytical approach, p-curve method, to examine the validity of experimental evidence in public administration. By including 115 statistically significant findings published in top public administration journals till early 2020, the analysis shows no evidence of publication bias or p-hacking that erode the evidential value of these findings. Although the analysis shows a good sign, we discuss important practices to further strengthen the validity and reliability of experimental method in public administration.
